a greeting to all readers of all android.net in this unboxing video
samsung galaxy s5 the new president the Korean home tweeto very interesting
some points of view, perhaps a little too much is the same as the predecessors
s4rs 3
but we see the packaging with lots of comments in recycled cardboard
of the latest email packages say samsung sorrento we have some
technical features such as the quantity of violating psv gigabyte
connectivity of category 4 and therefore up to 150000 second piper -
love 50,000 electrical tracks in abdr processor snapdragon 801 then that
of ideas here with the latest film to arrive
with frequency two. 5 gdf when to run
we then have the ip67 certification very important to have this allow the if
5ds water key dust resistant we then finished formations as in
display of 5. 1 inch full hd super amoled with a pixel density of approximately
of potassium 30 ip
it is said that I go to my sister in my country on the GPS front with board
2800 amps of battery
let's go to the first confession so im + plan immediately
s5
we put it second part inside the package we have
the usual tistic manual
I don't find it interesting
qsb wall charger
enia headphones
very nice you have then some spare ear pads for the battery that
remember to be from 200 delillo camper symptoms
calculator
and finally the lille
charging cable writing file with micro usb computer these mi
let's put the packaging aside so we install
countdown for my wife phone there is one of this film
recommend us euros
make sure you close the cover well because otherwise you lose it we say
ip67 certifications therefore
against polvese tm31
and water let's go to these films i'm
boxwood
very devastating,
and ok put aside 65 15
serve
then
we remove the cover
we can remove it, I guess from some corner, no, but no, though
we can friction force
a very flexible cover with rubber parents. for protection e
against water against water infiltration we must also wait for the
battery
we have the slot
here for the thesis but
and then it seems to me nothing else
us if the battery
if we fight we reveal this cover power
some may like others, but no hana cover, very very commuter
economy offers a good straight talk cn the smartphone
this is the coloring it puts even if expo for a blue hello
other technical features is a baby market corsini except the
wi-fi connectivity 800 2 11 avgn aci
as well as minimum bluetooth and four. 0n pc in remote therefore resellers of
infrared edit agps with a column if we consider the sun to be contracted
16 megapixel camera and sensor for heart rate detection beyond
the flash is a talking tract on the lower left side
volume scales above door for weather
ch leonardo cito mm infrared transmitter according to a
diffuse noise action problem during calls on the right side of the key
switching off never be put to the bottom we have killer
Facebook
we have the pre slot in the museum
from which it covers the tre.zero microcosmi holder and main microphone
here on read I am sending a helmet
a curriculum citoren give a fingerprint so we can place one
decent thing
and supporting dealers I would say nothing else
darcy 5 so darkly very interesting we go to try it in me
these days you can easily ask a few questions like this video
within the comment the mtv video article unboxing legs and found on
tumblr. is active alternatively you can go to our forum
tuttoandroid.net slasher forum and then found section dedicated to the palazzese
even by asking the questions seen as you know how to answer immediately and
while for the others, winning is the decision we are going to make ago
some day
for the moment with me taxi s5 say that it's all a michaele greeting for everything
android.net